I'll be you.
You hate me so much, huh?
So I'll be you.
No, Dan.
Let's go together.
I won't let you go in there alone.
It's too dangerous, Lin.
We don't know what Praewa is up to.
Just in case.
Ya!
-Ya!
Aya!
Ya!
Lilin!
Aya!
Are you all right?
Why did you hug me, Lilin?
Didn't you want me dead?
So you can have my boyfriend.
Hey! What the hell?
Do you really think
that a lousy shaman
can do me harm?
He must be dead by now.
-Lilin!
-Dan!
Dan!
Praewa's taken over Aya's body.
Stop it.
You might have Aya's body,
but you will never be her.
Get the fuck out of my business.
And you…
you are still a fucking idiot, Dan.
The woman you love so much
is not as innocent as you think.
What's wrong with you?
You know it's not me in that clip.
Why are you doing this to me?
You have to tell everyone the truth!
What are you talking about?
Brave!
Hey.
Praewa, are you okay?
Hello, Mook.
Can I ask you a favor?
I'm working on a notice board
to introduce the members of our club.
But I don't have Praewa's photo.
Do you have a photo of her?
I want her dead.
Are you sure?
I have come too far.
I'll hurt you
like you did to me!
Dan!
Praewa.
Praewa, I beg you.
Gosh,
poor Lilin.
Please stop, Praewa.
You are about to lose everybody.
Praewa.
Do whatever you want with me.
But let Lilin go.
Open your eyes, Dan.
Do you really think
that anything you do
would make this bitch love you?
What should I do
if everybody finds out
that it's me in that clip?
Although the clip doesn't show my face,
I'm still scared, Dan.
I'm embarrassed. I can't face people.
I'm afraid everyone will hate me.
And if Aya finds out,
she will be mad at me.
Dan, you seem like a smart guy.
But you're so damn stupid.
Oh, my.
Maybe stupid isn't quite right.
You just love a pathological lying bitch.
I pity you, Dan.
You love her and protect her
even though she doesn't love you.
She loves Brave.
I have no idea
why Lilin would keep
texting Brave all day.
"Brave, what are you doing?"
"Brave, when do you finish classes?"
"Brave, can you come and pick me up?"
She's so extra.
Stop accusing me.
There was nothing between us.
I talk like that to all of my friends.
The evidence is all there!
So it's normal?
Talking to a friend's boyfriend like that?
BRAVE, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? HAVE YOU EATEN?
BRAVE, WHEN WILL YOU FINISH CLASSES?
DO YOU WANT TO GO FOR A WALK?
Speechless, huh?
You can't think of any more excuses?
Poor Dan,
who never looks at other women,
who only loves this sweet angel.
Do you really think
that this bitch is so innocent?
Do you think what happened that night
was because she was drunk?
Really?
Don't worry, Dad.
I'm sleeping over at Ya's tonight.
I'll be back tomorrow morning.
Good night.
Hey, I'll take Lin upstairs.
She's wasted.
Okay.
Hey, tough girl.
Always a lightweight.
Take care of her, Aya.
Sure.
Be right back.
Don't listen to her.
She is messing with our heads.
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU AFTER THE PARTY,
BRAVE, IF I'M NOT TOO DRUNK.
OKAY, SURE.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
Believe me, Dan.
Believe me.
Dan, can I have a moment with Brave?
Can you break up with Aya?
What?
I'm serious about my first.
Be with me.
Hey, Lin.
It's just sex.
Don't read too much into it.
Besides…
we were both drunk.
But…
But I love…
Dan...
I'm sorry.
Things are like this…
because of me. I'm sorry.
Now that your secret is out,
you're taking the blame.
Dan!
Stop!
Stop it, Prae.
Lin.
Let's go.
Are you okay?
I can't get up, Dan.
Go and call for help.
I won't leave you here with Praewa.
Praewa can't do anything to me now.
Just go.
Be careful.
On the dark moon,
people who practice black magic
will be the strongest.
At the same time,
it also causes them the greatest pain.
Why are you like me?
Who are you, Lilin?
Prae…
It's me.
It's pizza today.
That's more like it.
Prae,
do you remember last time,
this old lady brought us soup?
It was so bad.
Keep it down.
Or Mother Parn will hear you.
But it's true.
-Say thank you.
-Thank you.
Thank you.
Say thank you.
That's beautiful.
No, I just draw random stuff.
Is that you?
Yes, it's me.
This is my dad, my mom, and my house.
That's nice.
Not really.
I'm still not good at it.
I want to draw as good as that one.
I didn't mean the drawing.
Lin.
Are you having fun?
Then we'll come back next week.
Let's say goodbye to Mother Parn.
Sai, Prae, come here.
Is it nice?
-Yes, it is.
Omelet again.
Omelet yesterday.
Omelet the day before.
I eat so much omelet
that my face looks like one.
Come on, just eat it.
Auntie Fon said
she would take us out to eat today.
She's been saying that since yesterday.
She hasn't taken us anywhere.
You see how busy she is.
She'll take us out when she has time.
Why couldn't we find a better family?
Sai, don't say that.
That's not nice.
I really meant it.
Do you think what we have now
is better than before?
But it's not worse than before either.
"To possess strong powers,
you have to steal them
from someone who has them
by eating the flesh
and blood of that person."
"Power Transferring Spell.
Ohm Sappa Dheva.
I will drain your knowledge and powers
into my body."
The door is open.
Why are you so careless?
I thought I shut it.
Just be more careful next time.
Yes.
Sai is about to turn 15.
In only four more days,
Praewa will turn 15.
When it's time,
make sure there are no mistakes.
Yes, Miss Fon.
Find the rest of the items.
If we don't have them all,
it won't be
just the two of them who will die.
I got it, Miss Fon.
What are you doing here?
Don't come closer!
Where are you going?
Don't be afraid.
You will fulfill the great duty
of serving the Three-Eyed God!
You will have the good life you hoped for.
Come here.
"To possess strong powers,
you have to eat the flesh and blood
of those who possess strong powers
to get their powers into your body."
No!
-"Ohm Sappa Dheva."
-No!
No!
"I will drain your knowledge and powers
into my body."
How was your day?
I'm sorry for being late to pick you up.
How about
I take you out for ice cream
to make up for it?
What do you say?
Come on.
Let's get ice cream.
Help!
Who are you?
Please.
Please don't hurt me.
Your body...
let me have it.
No!
Sai.
Why did you drink her blood?
I didn't mean it.
Prae.
I tried.
I tried to go back for you,
but I couldn't find you.
I tried, Prae.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Prae.
Prae.
Sai…
So we can be together forever.
Yes, Prae.
We'll be together forever from now on.
Sweet dreams, Prae.
Do you still love me, Dan?
Hey.
Look over there.
Over there.
UNIVERSITY SPORTS COMPLEX
Lin,
I'm sorry.
Let's go.
Subtitle translation by
Thanatcha Saksiamkul